Home sent you to talk about the list
But you made a mess
enter
I think the identity of this fiancé is also fake, right?
Wang Tian, right?
You are the stinkiest person I have ever seen
Here's ten thousand dollars.
I am in a good mood today
Take the money and get out
How dare you hit me
What are you doing?
Ah!
Wang Tian, if you dare to hit Xiao Yunyan again
I can't guarantee the life and death of your Wang family
On this dragon chapter offend book
I'll keep you from seeing the sun tomorrow
Yo, the mouth is quite hard
What are you doing?
Forget it
Let him go so easily
Can't anyone challenge me in the future?
Brother, I was wrong.
I was wrong.
I will never think of Xiao Yunyan again
Forget it.
You can let it go
What should I do with the Xiao family's list?
I change I change
Wife done
There we go.
Don't call me wife
It's all that, and it's not called wife
Do you want to eat a godmother and be rude?
Don't talk nonsense
Does that have to be a daughter-in-law?